Features for eth1:
rx-checksumming: on
tx-checksumming: on
	tx-checksum-ipv4: on
	tx-checksum-ip-generic: off [fixed]
	tx-checksum-ipv6: on
	tx-checksum-fcoe-crc: off [fixed]
	tx-checksum-sctp: on
scatter-gather: on
	tx-scatter-gather: on
	tx-scatter-gather-fraglist: off [fixed]
tcp-segmentation-offload: on
	tx-tcp-segmentation: on
	tx-tcp-ecn-segmentation: on
	tx-tcp-mangleid-segmentation: off
	tx-tcp6-segmentation: on
generic-segmentation-offload: on
generic-receive-offload: on
large-receive-offload: off [fixed]
rx-vlan-offload: on
tx-vlan-offload: on
ntuple-filters: on
receive-hashing: on
highdma: on
rx-vlan-filter: on
vlan-challenged: off [fixed]
tx-lockless: off [fixed]
netns-local: off [fixed]
tx-gso-robust: off [fixed]
tx-fcoe-segmentation: off [fixed]
tx-gre-segmentation: on
tx-gre-csum-segmentation: on
tx-ipxip4-segmentation: on
tx-ipxip6-segmentation: on
tx-udp_tnl-segmentation: on
tx-udp_tnl-csum-segmentation: on
tx-gso-partial: on
tx-tunnel-remcsum-segmentation: off [fixed]
tx-sctp-segmentation: off [fixed]
tx-esp-segmentation: off [fixed]
tx-udp-segmentation: on
tx-gso-list: off [fixed]
fcoe-mtu: off [fixed]
tx-nocache-copy: off
loopback: off
rx-fcs: off
rx-all: off [fixed]
tx-vlan-stag-hw-insert: off
rx-vlan-stag-hw-parse: off
rx-vlan-stag-filter: on
l2-fwd-offload: off [fixed]
hw-tc-offload: off
esp-hw-offload: off [fixed]
esp-tx-csum-hw-offload: off [fixed]
rx-udp_tunnel-port-offload: on
tls-hw-tx-offload: off [fixed]
tls-hw-rx-offload: off [fixed]
rx-gro-hw: off [fixed]
tls-hw-record: off [fixed]
rx-gro-list: off
macsec-hw-offload: off [fixed]
rx-udp-gro-forwarding: off
hsr-tag-ins-offload: off [fixed]
hsr-tag-rm-offload: off [fixed]
hsr-fwd-offload: off [fixed]
hsr-dup-offload: off [fixed]
